Add  IO profiler (#3861)
torchgeo/torchgeo: docs/user/contributing.rst

   $ python -m torchgeo fit --config tests/conf/io_raw.yaml
   $ python -m torchgeo fit --config tests/conf/io_preprocessed.yaml

This code will download a small (1 GB) dataset consisting of a single Landsat 9 scene and CDL file. It will then profile the speed at which various samplers work for both raw data (original downloaded files) and preprocessed data (same CRS, res, TAP, COG). The important output to look out for is the sampling rate for ``Train (random)`` (RandomPatchSampler) and ``Validation (grid)`` (GriddedPatchSampler). With this, you can create a table on your PR like:

======  ============  ==========  =====================  ===================
 state  raw (random)  raw (grid)  preprocessed (random)  preprocessed (grid)
======  ============  ==========  =====================  ===================
before      43.32153   112.87498              106.87363            197.57038
 after      43.22781   111.97093              174.89302            197.48845

> ======  ============  ==========  =====================  ===================

Reviewer: Let's simply include an example table from the output. The PR author can simply add two tables to the PR for before and after instead of manually reformatting everything and creating a new table.

   $ python -m torchgeo fit --config tests/conf/io_raw.yaml
   $ python -m torchgeo fit --config tests/conf/io_preprocessed.yaml

> This code will download a small (1 GB) dataset consisting of a single Landsat 9 scene and CDL file. It will then profile the speed at which various samplers work for both raw data (original downloaded files) and preprocessed data (same CRS, res, TAP, COG). The important output to look out for is the sampling rate for ``Train (random)`` (RandomPatchSampler) and ``Validation (grid)`` (GriddedPatchSampler). With this, you can add two tables before and after on your PR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code will download a small (1 GB) dataset consisting of a single Landsat 9 scene and CDL file. It will then profile the speed at which various samplers work for both raw data (original downloaded files) and preprocessed data (same CRS, res, TAP, COG). Each run will output a table like below. You can add these two tables to your PR to describe I/O performance before and after your change.
```

===================  =========  =========  ==================
 Action               Samples    Time(s)    Rate (samples/s)
===================  =========  =========  ==================
Train (random)        928        8.35074    111.12790
Validation (grid)     992        4.97084    199.56398
===================  =========  =========  ==================

> All other numbers are more or less the same across multiple runs.

Reviewer: Delete this, we are no longer comparing anything. Or add two tables and mention what changed.
